The <header> and <footer>
elements can be used for:
● The main header or footer
that appears at the top or
bottom of every page on the
site.
● A header or footer for an
individual <article> or
<section> within the page.

The <nav> element is used to
contain the major navigational
blocks on the site such as the
primary site navigation.

The <article> element acts as
a container for any section of a
page that could stand alone and
potentially be syndicated.

The <section> element groups
related content together, and
typically each section would
have its own heading.

The purpose of the <hgroup>
element is to group together a
set of one or more <h1> through
<h6> elements so that they are
treated as one single heading.
